IPL is one of the most loved leagues all over the world. Its popularity is more than any cricketing league happening and is one of the reasons that people in India love to enjoy it more by betting on their favourite team and players. People, without analysis they can’t directly dive into betting because they lose money. After analysing about IPL, they got clear knowledge and they can do it boldly. In this case the dashboard only gives crisp and clear knowledge about the past data (IPL).
A dashboard is a visual display of all of data. While it can be used in all kinds of different ways, its primary intention is to provide information at-a-glance, such as KPIs. A dashboard usually sits on its own page and receives information from a linked database. In many cases it’s configurable, allowing user the ability to choose which data you want to see and whether you want to include charts or graphs to visualize the numbers.
	This project (IPL Dashboard) is completely web based and it will allow user to enter the input like player name or team name, it will create a summary of the player or team in graphical or text format. The user can easily understand the data and get clear knowledge about the data. This dashboard contains many features like search player detail, search team detail, compare the players, head-to-head of teams, player batting ranking, bowling ranking, score prediction.
	The output has been shown in text view as well as graphical view. The entire project has been developed using python and run-in web. The frontend is HTML & CSS. Python's Django web framework support for front end. The past IPL records were stored in csv file. The graphs generated by JavaScript. The supported python packages are pandas for reading the dataset, numpy for numerical handling, sklearn for machine learning. A visual representation of performance, such as with charts and graphs was created by JavaScript.

	This project will help the user can immediately see a detailed overview of IPL in one quick glance. Better yet, it reduces the amount of time it takes to compile reports, saving you time. Using the report user can make decision about the player or team on betting. There is no need to go for multiple sites, all features under single dashboard like player search, team search and score prediction and all.